noon; and Heathcliff presumed to give him-
self a holiday, on the strength of it. He had
reached the age of sixteen then, I think, and
without having bad features or being deficient
in intellect, he contrived to convey an impres-
sion of inward and outward repulsiveness that
his present aspect retains no traces of.

In the first place, he had, by that time, lost
the benefit of his early education: continual
hard work, begun soon and concluded late, had
extinguished any curiosity he once possessed
in pursuit of knowledge, and any love for
books, or learning. His childhood's sense of
superiority, instilled into him by the favours
of old Mr. Earnshaw, was faded away. He
struggled long to keep up an equality with
Catherine in her studies and yielded with
poignant though silent regret: but, he yielded
completely; and there was no prevailing on
him to take a step in the way of moving
upward, when he found he must, necessarily,
sink beneath his former level. Then personal
