company her here. Little Hareton was near-
ly five years old, and I had just began to
teach him his letters: We made a sad part-
ing, but Catherine's tears were more power-
ful than ours--When I refused to go, and
when she found her entreaties did not move
me, she went lamenting to her husband, and
brother. The former offered me munificent
wages; the latter ordered me to pack up--he
wanted no women in the house, he said, new
that there was no mistress; and as to Hare-
ton, the curate should take him in hand, by
and bye. And so, I had but one choice left,
to do as I was ordered--I told the master he
got rid of all decent people only to run to
ruin a little faster; I kissed Hareton good
bye; and, since then, he has been a stranger,
and it's very queer to think it, but I've no
doubt, he has completely forgotten all about
Ellen Dean and that he was ever more than
all the world to her, and she to him!

At this point of the housekeeper's story she
