of feeling. My master's uneasiness experienced
a lull, and further circumstances diverted it in-
to another channel for a space.

His new source of trouble sprang from the
not anticipated misfortune of Isabella Linton
evincing a sudden and irresistible attraction
towards the tolerated guest--She was at that
time a charming young lady of eighteen; in-
fantile in manners, though possessed of keen
wit, keen feelings, and a keen temper, too, if
irritated. Her brother, who loved her tender-
ly, was appalled at this fantastic preference.
Leaving aside the degradation of an alliance
with a nameless man, and the possible fact
that his property, in default of heirs male,
might pass into such a one's power, he had
sense to comprehend Heathcliff's disposition
-to know that, though his exterior was alter-
ed, his mind was unchangeable, and unchan-
ged. And he dreaded that mind; it revolted
him; he shrank forebodingly from the idea of
committing Isabella to its keeping.
