his infamous conversation to my brother or
Catherine--whatever he may pretend, he
wishes to provoke Edgar to desperation--he
says he has married me on purpose to obtain
power over him; and he shan't obtain it--I'll
die first! I just hope, I pray that he may
forget his diabolical prudence, and kill me!
The single pleasure I can imagine is, is to die,
or to see him dead!"

"There--that will do for the present!" said
Heathcliff. "If you are called upon in a court
of law, you'll remember her language, Nelly!
And take a good look at that countenance-
she's near the point which would suit me.
No, you're not fit to be your own guardian,
Isabella now; and I, being your legal pro-
tector, must retain you in my custody, how-
ever distasteful the obligation may be--Go up
stairs; I have something to say to Ellen Dean,
in private. That's not the way--up-stairs, I
tell you! Why this is the road up-stairs,
child!"
